README.md, before:

# Assignment04
This is the repo for the Code Quiz assignment 04, due Jan 26, 2021.


# Unit 04 Javascript Homework: Code Quiz

Submitted: January --, 2021, Michael O'Connor, WebDev Wannabe, 604 765-6061

# 01 Goal: The Goal of this project is .......  Here is a link to the Github folder https://github.com/Emjayosee/Assignment03 and a link to the deployed website https://emjayosee.github.io/Assignment03/.

# 02 Approach:

    In approching this project, I at first looked at the starter code provided, then found that there was not any starter code, so I realized I had to build this entirely from scratch. 

    I followed the following plan design:

        Code Quiz

            Goal:

            Develop a timed quiz on Coding and have it present a question, allow th user time to respond and go to the next question, advising the user if they are correct or incorrect and then keeping track of the scores and high scores.

            Design:
            •	Landing page to expain the rules, show the high scores;
            •	Need to build a timer to countdown and penalize if there is a wrong guess;
            •	Need to be able to cycle questions through a part of the viewport;
            •	Need a way to aggregate the scores, add as records and display the top scores;
            •	Need an alert to say when the game is over;
            •	Need a way to identify the player;
            
            Here is the basic logic flow (ignoring the high score feature):


                [X] On load, display introduction and name/start section

                [X] User enters name

                [X] On START, question 1 is displayed and clock starts to countdown, await user event

                [X] User selects answer from radio box and submits response by clicking button

                [ ] If time = 0, quizEnd

                [ ] On Click, nextQuestion

                [ ] If answer is correct, score = plus one

                [ ] If answer is incorrect time = minus 5 seconds

                [ ] If (time > 0 and Q# < array.length), loadNextQuestion, else, quizEnd

                [ ] If quizEnd, display gameOver Image, with finalScore for 5 seconds 

                [ ] Load name and finalScore to scoreBoard

                [ ] Display scoreBoard and playAgain Button

                [ ] If playAgain, clear and restart the process 


            Build:
            •	Set up three files, index.html, script.js and style.css (add to Github) [x]
            •	HTML:
                >Layout for Landing page [x]
                >Layout for question and multiple choice answers [x]
                >Knit functions for current score, gameOver.

            •	JavaScript: 
                > Timer routine
                > Splash screen routine that announces game is over - alert box
            •	CSS:
                >Cloud background image and footer styling
            •   Establish Q&A theme
            •	
            •	
            •	

            Validation:
            •	Alert if no name entered in required playerName field
            •	TBD  
            •	TBD

            Once validated generate password and display on the page.

# 03 Testing and Quality Control:

    1. Test each of the criteria to confirm functionality.

    2. Format HTML Code to make it easier to follow when viewed at source.

    3. Load the files and tested the page functionality at GITHUB.

    4. Other...

    5. Other...

    6. Run the html through a code validation service on the final commit.  Use validator.w3.org and describe any issues and resolution.  Adjust before the final commit.

# 04 Lessons Learned:

The following items should be considered for future enhancements, time and budget permitting:

    1. TBD

    2. TBD

    3. TBD

    4. TBD

    5. TBD


# 05 Further improvements to make:

    1. TBD

    2. TBD


# 06 Current Renderings:

See Current Rendering at the time of writing in the Assignment04 Repo. 
![alt text](Assets/Images/Rendering_default.png)
![alt text](Assets/Images/Rendering_Default_executed.png)
![alt text](Assets/Images/Rendering_with_Data_Choices.png)

Commit message:

Added link to Readme file for the deployed site in draft.

README.md, after:

# Assignment04
This is the repo for the Code Quiz assignment 04, due Jan 26, 2021.


# Unit 04 Javascript Homework: Code Quiz

Submitted: January --, 2021, Michael O'Connor, WebDev Wannabe, 604 765-6061

# 01 Goal: The Goal of this project is .......  Here is a link to the Github folder https://github.com/Emjayosee/Assignment03 and a link to the deployed website https://emjayosee.github.io/Assignment03/.

# 02 Approach:

    In approching this project, I at first looked at the starter code provided, then found that there was not any starter code, so I realized I had to build this entirely from scratch.  Here is a link to the deployed page - https://emjayosee.github.io/Assignment04/.

    I followed the following plan design:

        Code Quiz

            Goal:

            Develop a timed quiz on Coding and have it present a question, allow th user time to respond and go to the next question, advising the user if they are correct or incorrect and then keeping track of the scores and high scores.

            Design:
            •	Landing page to expain the rules, show the high scores;
            •	Need to build a timer to countdown and penalize if there is a wrong guess;
            •	Need to be able to cycle questions through a part of the viewport;
            •	Need a way to aggregate the scores, add as records and display the top scores;
            •	Need an alert to say when the game is over;
            •	Need a way to identify the player;
            
            Here is the basic logic flow (ignoring the high score feature):


                [X] On load, display introduction and name/start section

                [X] User enters name

                [X] On START, question 1 is displayed and clock starts to countdown, await user event

                [X] User selects answer from radio box and submits response by clicking button

                [ ] If time = 0, quizEnd

                [ ] On Click, nextQuestion

                [ ] If answer is correct, score = plus one

                [ ] If answer is incorrect time = minus 5 seconds

                [ ] If (time > 0 and Q# < array.length), loadNextQuestion, else, quizEnd

                [ ] If quizEnd, display gameOver Image, with finalScore for 5 seconds 

                [ ] Load name and finalScore to scoreBoard

                [ ] Display scoreBoard and playAgain Button

                [ ] If playAgain, clear and restart the process 


            Build:
            •	Set up three files, index.html, script.js and style.css (add to Github) [x]
            •	HTML:
                >Layout for Landing page [x]
                >Layout for question and multiple choice answers [x]
                >Knit functions for current score, gameOver.

            •	JavaScript: 
                > Timer routine
                > Splash screen routine that announces game is over - alert box
            •	CSS:
                >Cloud background image and footer styling
            •   Establish Q&A theme
            •	
            •	
            •	

            Validation:
            •	Alert if no name entered in required playerName field
            •	TBD  
            •	TBD

            Once validated generate password and display on the page.

# 03 Testing and Quality Control:

    1. Test each of the criteria to confirm functionality.

    2. Format HTML Code to make it easier to follow when viewed at source.

    3. Load the files and tested the page functionality at GITHUB.

    4. Other...

    5. Other...

    6. Run the html through a code validation service on the final commit.  Use validator.w3.org and describe any issues and resolution.  Adjust before the final commit.

# 04 Lessons Learned:

The following items should be considered for future enhancements, time and budget permitting:

    1. TBD

    2. TBD

    3. TBD

    4. TBD

    5. TBD


# 05 Further improvements to make:

    1. TBD

    2. TBD


# 06 Current Renderings:

See Current Rendering at the time of writing in the Assignment04 Repo. 
![alt text](Assets/Images/Rendering_default.png)
![alt text](Assets/Images/Rendering_Default_executed.png)
![alt text](Assets/Images/Rendering_with_Data_Choices.png)
